Warm Greetings from Team Abhiyaan IIT Madras!
 
I’m Aayush Agrawal, a first-year undergraduate part of The Abhiyaan Team.  

We are honoured to invite you to collaborate with Project Abhiyaan.

The Indian Institute of Technology, Madras (IITM) epitomises 60 years of unstinting innovations and technical contributions to Indian society. It is one of the foremost institutes of national importance in higher technological education and basic and applied research. 

Team Abhiyaan is an enthusiastic group of multi-disciplinary students of IIT Madras, committed to building intelligent, robust, precise, and safe ground navigation systems. The team comprising 45 members is based in the Center For Innovation (CFI), IIT Madras which provides a platform for creative ideas to be realised into ground-breaking product prototypes and revolutionary business models, with mentoring from the industry, faculty, and alumni.

We have come up with the following points to highlight the relevance of  PCB Power with Team Abhiyaan and to ensure that both our organizations benefit mutually through this association:


Publicity and Branding -  Team Abhiyaan's projects attract a lot of attention from students of many disciplines, we can provide PCB Power with branding in our Instagram, Twitter, and LinkedIn posts.

	2. Increasing Outreach and Brand Value - This collaboration will ensure an increase in the outreach of PCB Power products among students. 

What we are looking for from PCB Power:
3 Units of CBox
2 Units of Modulo Box
6 Units of iTouch

We are completely open to framing the proposal as per your requirements and constraints.
 
All further details regarding our team and our projects have been attached below.
Website link here.
 
 Eagerly awaiting an optimistic response and looking forward to positively clubbing together and integrating your company with our projects. 
 
Thanks a lot for your time and consideration.
 
Warm Regards,
Aayush Agrawal 
Team Member - Abhiyaan,
IIT Madras
Phone: 9811694550 
Email: aayush.agrawal@teamabhiyaan.in








 
 
 
 
